You have a tendency to go off-topic in conversation.
You are a brainstormer: you offer a multitude of different ideas in a given situation.
You would do whatever it takes to win a debate.
You can easily think of something random to say or a joke.
You take on subjects with a burning interest only to drop them once they no longer feel new to you.
You believe that arriving at a truth is more important than winning an argument.
You are drawn toward the abstract and often obsess over meanings.
You see the big picture in a sea of details.
You frequently have hunches or insights about the future that turn out to be correct.
You are always looking to improve existing systems.
You live in the present, not the past or the future.
You often feel awkward and aimless during leisure time.
You are a risk-taker.
You have an excellent sense of direction and instantly know your way around a new place.
You see the world as a bundle of possibilities waiting to be explored.
You relate present experiences back to past experiences.
You feel safe following a consistent routine.
You easily recognize internal bodily sensations and act to suit your body's needs.
You are blunt and straight-to-the-point in communication.
You cannot help but get hung up on small details.
You trust hard facts and data more than anything else.
You find yourself agreeing with those who claim that the ends justify the means.
You constantly set yourself on goals and objectives.
Fake people bother you.
You consider yourself an organized person and take control of situations before they get out of hand.
You work through problems by yourself and detach yourself from other people to arrive at a conclusion.
You would question anything.
You come up with internal logical frameworks, theories, and systems to describe the world around you.
You are hesitant to strictly conform to social roles.
You may be described as ditzy or scatterbrained.
You value inclusion and try your best to involve everyone in a group.
You are able to easily read others' body language.
You try to help people to the point where you begin to forget taking care of your own needs.
You may be viewed as 'fake' or 'manipulative' to others.
You become upset when your care for others goes unappreciated.
You have an eye for aesthetics and enjoy the finer things in life.
You may be viewed as whiny and/or depressive.
You trust the mysterious and unconscious world.
You have a strict internal moral code that comes from within regardless of any external standards.
You prefer living in your dreams to living in the real world.